Medical Marijuana

Treefrog will work with any Frog who requests accommodation to use medical marijuana in an effort to ensure that any accommodation measures are effective, consistent with the Frog's medical needs and operationally feasible, having regard for safety and cost.  Medical marijuana will be treated the same as all other prescription medication.  Treefrog has the same expectations from Frogs who use medical marijuana as who use all other types of medication and will accommodate Frogs up to the point of undue hardship having regard to the safety of all Frogs. 

Frogs may only use medical marijuana with a license in thier name from a duly qualified physician.  If a Frog is required to use medical marijuana while at work, he or she must inform the CEO.  A Frog is not required to disclose the specific medical diagnosis or condition for which the medical marijuana is required.  However, the Frog is required to provide a note from thier doctor that includes the following information:

> confirmation that the Frog's use of medical marijuana is medically necessary
> information about the recommended frequency and dosage of the marijuana use
> confirmation that the required dosage and frequency of use will not negatively impact the Frog's ability to safely perform their job
> a copy of the possession license

All information provide to Treefrog with respect to medical marijuana is considered confidential and will only be disclosed as required in order to assess the Frog's request and address the necessary accommodation measures.  In determining the accommodation, Frogs may be required to work with any third parties who may be retained by Treefrog, including medical consultants, who are engaged to provide direction and support for the use of the medical marijuana.  Accommodation plans relating to the use may be reviewed and revised where it appears that the use of the medical marijuana may havea  significant impact on the Frog's job performance or is creating a safety hazard for the Frog or other Frogs. 

In the event that the use of medical marijuana is deemed to pose a potential hazard to the safety of the Frog and/or other Frogs, it may be necessary for the parties to consider re-assigning the Frog to a non-safety-sensitive position on a temporary or permanent basis.

In the event that a Frog is taking medical marijuana during regular working hours, he/she is expected to use it in moderation, only at the recommended level of dosage and the applicable frequency of the doses.  Treefrog expects that, where possible, Frogs who require medical marijuana use a method of ingestion other than smoking.

Frogs who are medically required to smoke medical marijuana shall not engage in smoking inside any of Treefrog’s buildings or vehicles.  Treefrog will determine an appropriate smoking area for the Frog, with the goal of maintaining the confidentiality of the Frog’s medical situation. 

Employees are not permitted to engage in distribution, sharing or sale of marijuana on the property of Treefrog.
